in this video I'm going to share how I
make flatbread or also known as not the
ingredients that you need are three cups
of flour 1 teaspoon of salt or to taste
3 tablespoons of unsalted melted butter
1 teaspoon of baking powder 1 tablespoon
of yeast 1/2 a teaspoon of sugar 1/4 of
a cup of warm water about one cup of
warm water and some oil the first step
is to add the sugar to the yeast and add
the 1/4 cup of warm water mix it well
and let the yeast rise for about 10
minutes after 10 minutes this is what
your yeast should look like it should be
very foamy and have risen a lot next add
the baking powder to the flour as well
as the salt the yeast
and the butter as well as about half a
cup of water warm water that is and then
just give that a quick mix and add the
remaining half a cup of warm water you
may need more or less depending on the
kind of flour that you're using but for
me one cup was exactly the right amount
and then I'm just mixing that with the
spoon but at some point you'll have to
use your hands and knead the dough for
about three to five minutes
the consistency of the dough should be
sticky that is what is going to make
them really nice and airy you don't want
your dough to be too tough so if the
dough is sticky and moist and that's a
good thing if it's not sticky enough
then you should add a little bit of
water and next just add a little bit of
oil on top and just spread that all over
you're gonna have to let this rise for a
few hours and the oil is going to
prevent it from forming a crust and as
you can see the dough is really nice and
soft so then just cover that with
anything that you have I just use some
foil and then it rise for about two to
four hours the longer you let it rise
the better the dough will be next
preheat a pan and make sure that the
temperature is on low to medium heat and
then this is what the dough looks like
after it has risen mine rows for about
two and a half hours but like I said the
longer the butter can let it rise up to
four hours and will be good and then
just take some oil and rub it on your
hands so that it's not sticky and then
take the desired amount of dome
depending on how large you want your
flatbread to be and I'm actually not
gonna be needing that dough again I'm
just gonna be leaving it as is and just
taking a little bit of dough as I go
along so then just take a plate or any
flat surface and then then just spread
out the dough the flatbread form make
sure that you do not make it too thin
otherwise you'll have a crunchy
flatbread and then just really quickly
throw it on the pan and if it stretches
out too much you can gather it together
and let that cook for about two minutes
on the first side until you start seeing
the top cooking from within and when the
bottom also gets nice dark brown spots
and then on the second side cook it for
about one more minutes
and I know this is not the most
perfectly shaped flatbread but it's
homemade so it's okay and this is what
it should look like and then just repeat
the same process just put some oil on
the surface you're working on put the
dough on top you can put a little bit
more oil if you want to and then just
flatten it out into a circle again
making sure it's not too thin because if
it's thicker it'll be nicer and softer
and then again really quickly just throw
it on the pan gather it back together if
it stretches out too much and as you can
see over here there's the dough and
there's where it has dried up and cooked
from within a little bit so while the
bottom is cooking the top will start
drying up and that's when you can tell
that you're ready to flip it as well as
when the bottom is getting nice dark
brown spots so it took about two minutes
for the first side and one minute for
the second side
and that one is ready as well so these
are the finished flat breads I got about
eight of them from this recipe and as
you can see they're really soft and very
delicious and very chewy
for extra softness which is how we like
it in my family I cover it with some
foil and let it stay for about 10
minutes and the steam and the heat of
the flatbread will actually make the
rest of the bread really nice and soft
and that is it this bread came out
really delicious and I made the whole
house smell like delicious homemade
bread it was so good I hope that you all
give it a try and if you do please give
me some feedback and let me know what
you thought of it and how it turned out
for you and I also wanted to share with
you all a website that I recently found
out about it's called Opinion Outpost
you can get paid or awarded with free
stuff to give your opinions it is not a
get-rich-quick scheme but real research
from big companies you can win cash or
amazon gift cards and it's free to sign
up so if you're interested I'm going to
put the links below this video on top of
the description box and you can click on
them and check it out also you can find
me on Facebook at cooking with sunny
SHINee thank you all so much for
watching please rate comment and
subscribe if you like this video